Hello everyone!

INTRODUCTION: 
We are conducting a research regarding personality detection of individuals using NLP and transformer models. Through this we can pass any
textual message in our model and it will predict your personality according to MBTI's 16 different sets of traits.

DATA COLLECTION:
We are focused on feeding our model with real time data of indiviuals rather than some random texts. For this we cordially ask you to contribute 
to our project giving your textual data through our keylogger program. This keylogger program is a computer application (Python Based) which
will record your key strokes of what you type and save it in a text file.


PRIVACY CONCERNS:
Any data that you provide to us is of utmost priority regarding security issues and safety. For a few I know it's a lot to ask but we can guarantee 
you that we don't take any data unless you forward it to us. Because after starting the Keylogger app it will save the data in a text file that will be in 
your local storage, from there you can open and check the text file of what you have written. If you dont want to include some specific part of the recorded
textyou can easily delete that part and send us the rest. For your convenience you can also check the coding lines opening the program through an editor
(if you are familiar with python) and see how the program is operating.


WHAT TO DO?

1) After recieveing the program "keylogger.py" copy it to your desired folder. For ease of use we would suggest that you keep it in Desktop Window.

2) Then click "keylogger.py" and your application will be ON. You can see a black pop-up window where it will show you the typed keys. You can minimize
   it and then start using your PC for daily use as you like. It will simply run in the background and monitor your keystrokes unless you close the
   application.

3) For closing the application simply press "F7" of your function keys and it will terminate.

4) After that opening the folder where you kept "keylogger.py" you will see an automatic generated "your text.txt" file.

5) Open "your text.txt" file and you can see the texts that you have typed.

6) This text file will be generated only once and start saving texts automatically everytime you run "keylogger.py"

7) We need this data over a month period of time and we will collect those in two phases : i) After 1 week
                                                                                          ii) After 1 month

8) So we request you to use the application everytime you are on your PC/Laptop and also when you find it suitable and oblige us thereby.

9) Regarding collection of data all you need to do is email us your data ("your text.txt") file over the above mentioned two phase. (Don't worry we will
   notify you)

10) Last but not the least, your privacy is our concern too and being accountable we don't intend to use this data other than our research purpose.





REQUIREMENTS:

* You need to have Python installed on your system beforehand. Remember to check the 'Add to Path' option while installing python. Otherwise pip will not be recognised.

* After that you need to install a package module named "pynput".
 
* To do that simply open your command prompt window "cmd" and type - 'pip install pynput'     (Do not use the single quote mark in cmd while typing)
